nvidia: update DRM kernel mode setting section (#974)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Nvidia/_index.md

## DRM kernel mode setting

> If you are on driver version 560.35.03-5 or ealier NVIDIA does not load kernel mode setting by default,
> enabling it is required to make Wayland compositors function properly.
> To enable it, the NVIDIA driver modules need to be added to the initramfs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On driver version 560.35.03-5 or earlier NVIDIA does not load kernel mode
setting by default. Enabling it is required to make Wayland compositors
function properly.

To enable it, the NVIDIA driver modules need to be added to the initramfs.
```
